Device registration confirmed via eas device:list:
- UDID: 00008150-000434680AE9401C
- Team: Field View LLC (D92J7GZBAY)

Now execute the first iOS Dev Build.

CRITICAL: Do NOT use script -c, do NOT interpolate secrets into command
strings, do NOT log full command lines. Pass secrets ONLY via env var
inheritance. Reference: yesterday's leak of EXPO_APPLE_APP_SPECIFIC_PASSWORD
via script -c "FOO=$FOO ..." style. That secret has been rotated. Do not
repeat that pattern.

EXECUTE:

Step 1: Sanity check the eas-cli has cached Apple credentials
  
  pnpm --filter @workspace/mobile exec eas whoami
  
  Should print "graysonfieldview" or similar without prompting.
  Paste output (no secret risk here).

Step 2: Run the build in non-interactive mode with --no-wait
  
  Use this exact command pattern (env vars inherited, NOT echoed):
  
  cd artifacts/mobile && pnpm exec eas build --profile development --platform ios --non-interactive --no-wait
  
  Note: NO leading "EXPO_TOKEN=$EXPO_TOKEN ..." prefix on the command.
  The secrets are already in process env (Replit Secrets are inherited).
  Echoing them on the command line is what caused the leak last time.
  
  Expected behavior:
  - Authenticates via cached Apple credentials from device:create earlier
  - Auto-registers bundle ID com.fieldview.app to team if needed
  - Generates Distribution Certificate
  - Generates Provisioning Profile (using the registered iPhone UDID)
  - Submits build to EAS cloud
  - Returns immediately with a build URL (not blocking on the 15-25 min build)
  
  PASTE the build URL to chat as soon as it's available
  (https://expo.dev/.../builds/<id>).

Step 3: Optional — fetch build status once after URL is shown
  
  pnpm --filter @workspace/mobile exec eas build:list --limit 1
  
  Just to confirm the build was queued. Paste the status (in queue / in
  progress / etc).

Step 4: STOP. Do NOT poll continuously. Do NOT push to git.
  
  The user can monitor build progress at the URL. When the build
  completes, EAS sends an email + the URL displays a QR code that
  installs the .ipa on Grayson's registered iPhone via Safari.

KNOWN POTENTIAL ISSUES TO WATCH FOR

1. New Architecture (newArchEnabled: true). All native modules
   reportedly compatible, but watch for build errors here first.

2. React Compiler experimental babel plugin. Could cause Metro bundle
   step issues.

3. First-time Apple cert/profile generation may surface an
   interactive prompt if Apple session expired since device:create.
   If so, surface the prompt clearly — DO NOT try to bypass with
   script -c. Tell the user to re-run from Replit Shell themselves.

DELIVERABLE
1. eas whoami output
2. Build URL (paste as soon as available)
3. eas build:list status confirmation
4. Anything unexpected

Do NOT push to git. Do NOT modify replit.md. Build progress will be
monitored by the user at the URL.